# CS305
Artemis Financial looks to create services for customer's financial needs. They offer multiple plan or account options. The company is also incorporating high level security incorporating encryption security to protect their customer's static data and that is transit. I had very little experience with software security and the course had very little hands on learning. It was difficult to apply the knowledge from the textbook. I feel I had a good understanding of the function of the software and the majority of it's parts. Writing the code was the hardest part. I understand the importance of software security in relation to the quality of customer confidence. If you have poor security, then you will have poor customer population. The vulnerability assesment was a useful tool. I found that the tool was quick way to do an assesment and get feedback on known issues. The issue I had was with the report and the flood of information. This is likely personal preference, but I would have preferred a shorter report with links to the data instead of a twenty-page report os technical knowledge that I don't understand. We increased layers of security in this course with the use of SSL certificates and HTTP. In the future, I would refactor code to remove vulnerabilities with methods like white and blacklisting, authentication, and authroization. I feel these simple coding modifications will remove most of the vulnerabilities. 
  I ran the Maven dependency-check report and identified the vulnerabilities in the code. Once refactoring was complete, I ran it again and found that I had less vulnerabilities on the report. Whenever I write code, I put forth extra effort in making my code easily readable and with in-depth commenting. I am quite forgetful and it helps to have "idiot-proof" reminders and descriptions for myself. Organization helps with the flow and readability so that anyone can follow it. The goal of this is to help with debugging and security checks. I feel the easier the code is to read and follow, the easier it is to troubleshoot and refactor. I would show future employers my use of organization, commenting, and understanding of the importance of efficiency in troubleshooting and refactoring for productivity purposes. Safety and productivity go hand-in-hand. 
